Now that the categories and products are done it's time to run them in sort of angular misery.
We're talking about a concept of pagination.
Well what is pagination pagination is used to separate content into multiple pages.
For example list of 70 items we have seven pages when using a pagination setting of 10 hours per page.
Well what are the benefits of pagination then.
Pagination allows for faster loading times instead of loading all items at once.
The app only has to look and comes at the time.
Pagination also allows for cleaner user interface since there is less content on the screen.
The app is less likely to cause confusion to the user.
To go look at it and example in the first page.
The pic shows results 1 to 16 in the second page the pic shows results 17 to 32 in the third page.
The pic shows results.
Third tree to 27.
Let me explain to pagination a setting is set to 16 hours per page when the app is in the first and
second page of the results.
Each page is based 16 results but when the app is in the turret page the app only displays 5 items.
This is because the app only displays three tree from 3:07 instead of the tree to 48.
This is mainly because the result is 30 40 do not exist.
Let's take a look at how the calculations are performed for the lower limit.
It's the Imus per page multiplied by current pitch minus one edit by one.
So it's ten times four plus one which is what one for the upper limit.
It's the minimum of the items per page multiply by current page and the total items.
So the minimum of ten times five and 70 is 50 and a minimum of ten times five and forty five is forty
five.
In this video you talked about a concept of imagination.
Next we deal with setting up a category component.